[MAISE]
Die.
[MAISE] Naturally, you'd let
your guard down around a child.
Unfortunately for you,
this one was armed
with a dagger that inflicts
Poison and Paralysis.
[MAISE]
Don't ignore me!
I know you're not dead.
Think your immortality
makes you superior?
[MAISE]
Very soon, I'll be too.
After becoming the
King of Corpses.
I've already created
the Crystal of Resentment
and converted 5,000 years
of life into the undead.
I had to be patient, but
finally, my dreams are at hand!
All that's left is to kill
the remaining children
and turn them into
materials for my undead.
[blade slicing]
[MAISE grunts]
[screaming]
[RAY]
So you're the one who
brought those kids
back from the grave.
I made a promise to find
the bastard responsible
and make him pay.
[gasping]
For all the suffering
you've inflicted...
...you'll pay with your life!
For all the suffering
you've inflicted...
...you'll pay with your life!
[MAISE] Abyss Delusion!
Dead Man's Bind!
What? You should be
completely paralyzed!
[RAY growls]
[MAISE] His blade. Even with
my regenerative powers,
a lich can't survive
being struck
by a weapon with
Purifying Silverlight!
Awaken, Undead and serve me!
[RAY grunts]
[MAISE]
Immortal beast!
I've never seen a Master
so filled with rage before!
[MAISE yelling]
Help me, Gouz!
[MAISE]
Where are you?!
[HUGO]
Make your choice.
Hell or divine punishment.
Which will it be?
You don't give me demands!
Do you know who
you're talking to?
[MAISE] I've come so far‐‐
I'm nearly the King of Corpses!
Dying now would be a waste!
[HUGO]
Can't decide?
I'll choose for you:
divine punishment!
[MAISE gasping]
[MAISE whimpers]
[MAISE] I still have the
Crystal of Resentment.
Once it's used up, I can't
become the King of Corpses!
But I can't die. Not here!
Not by your hand!
It's worth it!
If only to see the both
of you cut down!
[MAISE] Behold, the most
powerful offensive magic
a Lich can wield!
Deadly Mixer!
Counter Absorption!
[MAISE]
Why won't you die?! Ugh!
[MAISE gasping]
[MAISE screaming, groaning]
[RAY] That's the last
time you run away!
We can make a deal!
What do you want?
I have 70 million lir
in my inventory!
Spare my life and it's yours!
You'll never have to work again!
I knew it! So it's
money you want.
[RAY]
No.
What?
Your life is all I need.
[MAISE grunting]
[gasping]
The reverse effects on
my debuffs wore off.
Guess that means he's dead, huh?
[NEMESIS] Master! Do you have
potions for status ailments?
Some antidotes for poison,
but I never expected this many.
[NEMESIS growls]
Damn that centaur zombie!
Leaving us with this
lousy parting gift!
This should help you out.
Hugo? What is that?
Just what he needs,
an Elixir and curse‐removing
High Spirit Water.
I guess I owe you one, Hugo.
Just glad you're okay.
[RAY] Uh? That must be
the Lich's inventory.
You defeated him.
Like they say, to the
victor go the spoils.
The thought of owning whatever
loot he had makes me sick.
I completely share
those sentiments.
Now that there's no one
standing in our way,
I wanna start breaking those
kids out of the dungeon.
Hey. Where's Cyco?
It's time. Let's show them.
[CYCO]
Are you sure?
[HUGO]
Yeah, I trust them.
Hey there, loli.
[NEMESIS] Then, you're a
Maiden type Embryo like me?
Yep. We're birds of a feather.
Call me Cocytus.
[RAY] What about the crest
that was on your hand?
It was a Crest Disguise‐‐
an ability exclusive
to Maiden types.
I didn't realize a skill
like that existed.
Ray, the kids are
waiting for us.
You're right.
[BANDIT A] The idiots went
back into the fortress.
[BANDIT B]
Ha, ha! Don't let anyone
tell you being a coward
doesn't pay off.
[BANDIT C]
Take anything valuable
and we'll ride the
carriages outta here!
[BANDIT A] Looks like
the boss's item box.
So break it open already!
[BANDIT A chuckles]
[BANDIT A grunts]
[BANDIT D]
Hell yeah! Look at all this lir!
I knew he was underpaying us!
[BANDITS chattering]
Some kinda egg?
[VOICE]
Activating.
[screams]
[BANDIT B]
What's your deal?
The thing grabbed onto
my hand and won't come off!
[VOICE] Depletion of
item box: confirmed.
Termination of Lich
Maise: confirmed.
Deduction: plundering
by enemy forces.
Invoking retaliation skill:
Grudge Undead Creation.
[BANDITS gasping]
[BANDIT C groans]
[BANDIT B groans]
[BANDIT D]
It's not fair! Ugh!
[BANDITS groaning]
[BANDIT B screams]
[BANDITS moaning]
[GOUZ‐MAISE roars]
[NAVIGATOR] A monster
meeting the criteria
of a UBM has been detected.
Approval from Control AI
in charge of UBMs
has been received.
Target is now
classified as a UBM.
Epic tier status
has been assigned.
Target is henceforth known as
Revenant Ox‐Horse, Gouz‐Maise.
What the‐‐?
[GOUZ‐MAISE growls]
[RAY]
What the hell is that?
Gouz‐Maise?
Those faces look familiar.
It must've absorbed the
gang and become a UBM.
Do we have a plan?
We may be outmatched.
As for my mech...
Well, I've still got one more
Counter Absorption available,
but I'm not sure I can
hold out long enough
to charge up an attack
that could bring it down.
Death is almost certain.
Maybe so.
What is it?
[NEMESIS] Nothing.
It's just I was getting this
strange reading from
my damage counter.
Now it's gone. Truly bizarre.
[GIRL A cries]
[RAY gasps]
Don't move!
[GOUZ‐MAISE growling]
[RAY] Purgatorial Flames!
Fire on full blast!
[GOUZ‐MAISE growling]
[RAY yelling]
[GOUZ‐MAISE screams]
Take the carriages and get
the children outta here!
You can't do this alone.
Yeah! I know! But still...
[GOUZ‐MAISE roars]
Saving their lives
is more important!
[gasps] Leave it to me!
[HORSE whinnies]
Keep riding.
I'll buy you some time!
Uh. What the...?
[NEMESIS]
It can restore itself.
[RAY] If this thing is able
to regenerate that fast,
then all our normal
attacks are useless.
[NEMESIS] All we need to do
is get a Counter Absorption
to full charge.
[NEMESIS gasps]
There! It happened again.
What's wrong?
[NEMESIS] My damage counter's
behaving erratically.
It shows up, then
suddenly it's gone.
[GOUZ‐MAISE growling]
[gasps]
[GOUZ‐MAISE roars]
[RAY grunts]
[RAY] Well, someone finally
got in the mood to fight.
[NEMESIS] If Gouz‐Maise was
created by the Lich's magic,
seeing his sworn enemy
must've enraged him.
[RAY]
Just what we needed.
[NEMESIS] Maybe... I see a
glimmer of hope for us now.
Then we can still win?
[NEMESIS]
You know how I told you
my accumulated damage
counter was acting strange?
I figured out what was going on.
Tell me.
[NEMESIS] It's because we've
already collected more
than enough damage.
In fact, it's the most
we've ever absorbed
from a single creature.
Most likely,
it's from when the Lich released
his Deadly Mixer spell.
But I thought the Lich
and Gouz‐Maise
were separate creatures. Uh!
That thing's being
controlled by multiple grudges.
[NEMESIS]
Yep. The damage we've collected
should be more than
enough to finish it.
We just have to time
our attack right.
[RAY] In other words, we wait
till the Lich's grudge takes
control, then hit back
with Vengeance!
[NEMESIS] There's a chance
we can defeat it.
All right, then I'll wager
everything on that possibility!
[GOUZ‐MAISE roars]
[NEMESIS] Revenant Ox‐Horse,
Gouz‐Maise!
You've inflicted
suffering upon children
and have ended countless lives.
Even now, you continue
to endanger the living!
[NEMESIS, RAY] For your crimes,
you will fall by our hand!
[GOUZ‐MAISE roaring]
[RAY grunts]
[NEMESIS] One more hit
and you're done for!
[RAY]
Yeah, I know!
[groaning]
Purgatorial Flames!
[GOUZ‐MAISE roaring]
If we don't locate the
core and attack soon,
my stamina's gonna be depleted!
[NEMESIS] Our damage counter
disappeared, Master!
The Gouz half
must be in control!
Damn.
He lost interest and wants to
chase after Hugo and the kids!
[NEMESIS]
What now?
I've got an idea!
Found it!
Ha!
Not good!
It's catching up
to the carriages!
I've got to try
and slow it down!
[GOUZ‐MAISE groaning]
Don't go and get
yourself killed, Ray.
[RAY growling]
[GOUZ‐MAISE groans]
[RAY]
Come on!
[GOUZ‐MAISE grunting]
[RAY yelps]
[NEMESIS]
The way it reacted just now.
[RAY] I saw. We found
the weak point. The head.
I've got something of yours!
[GOUZ‐MAISE roars]
[NEMESIS] The Lich!
He's in control again!
[RAY]
All right. Here's our chance!
[RAY yells]
Fall! Damn you!
[GOUZ‐MAISE roaring]
[RAY grunts]
All that's left is using
Vengeance is Mine on its‐‐
The core!
[GOUZ‐MAISE]
Deadly... Mixer!
[RAY]
Counter Absorption!
That's gonna land!
[NEMESIS]
I won't let you die!
[gasps]
Wake up!
This is bad.
[NEMESIS] It's no use.
His wounds are too deep.
[NEMESIS] I have to save him,
whatever it takes.
[NEMESIS]
Forgive me.
A small amount,
but at least he's not
on the verge of dying.
[GOUZ‐MAISE roaring]
[NEMESIS]
After all the work we put in,
getting so close to
saving the children,
I won't let my Master‐‐
I won't let Ray be killed
by that monster!
We made a vow that evening, when
we lost to the Superior Killer.
A vow to grow together
and seize victory.
I know you're going
to wake up soon.
And when you do, we'll
win this battle together.
[NEMESIS]
I promise!
[GOUZ‐MAISE growls]
[RAY]
I remember.
This was during my brother's
fighting tournament way back‐‐
[GARDRANDA]
Replay.
Replay? So you're
the one doing this?
[tires screech, crash]
[SHU] Aw, man. Don't need a
doctor to know that's broken.
[REIJI]
I'm sorry.
If only I hadn't jumped out.
[SHU]
Reiji.
You did exactly what
you should've done.
The world needs
more people like you.
If I hadn't got in your way,
you'd be fine!
Yeah, but I was able to save
that little girl's life
because of you.
Right?
Your choice to act saved her.
I just helped you out.
You can learn from choices,
but don't regret them.
Making a solid choice,
that's always the first step
to grabbing hold of
the future you want.
Once you make a choice,
what comes next depends on
whether you're able to see
the opportunity it brings
and grab onto that.
[sniffs]
And if you have the will,
the possibility is there.
It may be small,
there could be a whole bunch of
zeros past the radix point,
but even the smallest
amount is something.
There's only nothing if
you decide to give up,
refuse to take a chance.
As long as you never
throw in the towel,
make your own choices
and reach for the future,
the possibility's there, even if
it seems beyond the radix point.
[RAY] What my brother
told me that day
left a huge impression on me.
I'll never forget it.
[SHU]
And that's why...
Your choice to save that girl
was the right one. I'll be fine.
Thank you.
And I'm gonna show you
exactly what I mean.
[SHU] How to put your all into
grabbing hold of a possibility.
[SHU]
You see Reiji?
This is what I
was talking about!
[CROWD cheers]
[GARDRANDA] Your older
brother is very intense.
[RAY]
You said it.
[GARDRANDA] Desperate times
call for desperate measures.
Yep.
Even if I'm in worse shape,
I know I can still beat it!
[GARDRANDA] I see.
Then it's time to wake up.
By the way,
who exactly are you?
[GARDRANDA] Heh. You'll never
have a real chance to master me
if you only use my flames, Ray.
Hang on. Gardran‐‐?
[GARDRANDA]
I'm just a fragment.
A vestige of power left before
it could be fully realized.
I am the life and mind
the ogre failed to produce.
A life that's been
reborn as your item.
[GARDRANDA]
And now, I understand you.
I ask that you please
understand me.
Work with Nemesis.
Use my gifts, and give
everything you have to grab hold
of the opportunity before you.
[GOUZ‐MAISE roars]
[NEMESIS]
Can't keep this up much longer.
[GOUZ‐MAISE growling]
[NEMESIS] You must be pretty
annoyed that you can't beat me!
[BANDITS]
Bleh.
[NEMESIS] No way I can
dodge all of them.
[NEMESIS]
I'm only so strong on my own.
I can't progress much further
without my master with me.
So, you need to
come back right now!
[RAY]
Okay!
[GOUZ‐MAISE roars]
[NEMESIS] Whoa, you really
took your time, Ray!
My bad.
Got stuck in a dream
and couldn't wake up.
You know it's rude to keep
a lady waiting, right?
[RAY]
Thanks a lot, really.
I'm just glad you're back.
Now, about him.
[RAY] I've got a plan.
But there's a catch.
[NEMESIS] What?
It's practically impossible?
[RAY]
Well, the possibility exists.
So now it's up to us
to grab a hold of it!
Then let's do it!
Yeah, for the win!
[GOUZ‐MAISE roars]
[RAY]
Hellish Miasma! Full Blast!
[GOUZ‐MAISE roars]
[GOUZ‐MAISE]
Deadly Mixer!
I found out that if you get
a status ailment from
ingesting a part of a
debuffed opponent's body,
it sends it back at 'em.
Exactly like the "Flag Flying
the Reversal" move.
I'm willing to bet
this is the first time
you've been the one
to get eaten, huh?
[GOUZ‐MAISE grunting, groans]
[GOUZ‐MAISE]
Deadly... Mixer!
[RAY]
Game over!
[NEMESIS]
Beast consumed by immortality‐‐
Now! Sleep for all eternity!
[GOUZ‐MAISE grunts]
[RAY]
Vengeance is Mine!
[JABBERWOCK laughs]
He encountered and defeated
two UBMs in as many
days. Fascinating.
[RAY] Grudge‐Soaked Greaves
Gouz‐Maise, huh?
[NEMESIS] The skill "Rider and
Horse, As One" rewards you
with the means to finally
be able to ride Silver.
And it seems like
the other skill
means I can turn grudge
energy into MP or SP.
[NEMESIS] Are you thinking
about leaving this world?
[RAY] This place is full of
violence and death.
Was putting myself through this
kind of stuff a good idea?
Honestly, I can't
really answer that.
I mean, it hasn't all been bad.
You realize you'll just face
more hardship if you stay here.
If I see anything happen that
I know in my heart is wrong,
I'll just stop it.
I'll put my all into
grabbing that possibility.
Okay. If you keep on fighting to
protect others, I'll do my part.
And that means that
I'll protect you!
[RAY grunts]
[RAY]
Thanks, that means a lot.
[FLAMINGO] Well, you two
sure have been busy, huh?
To think you disposed
of those ruffians
that were terrorizing this town.
So you know about that?
[FLAMINGO] Of course,
I've been wiretapping Ray.
You wiretapped Ray?
But how?
[FLAMINGO]
That's a secret, dear boy.
Well, if you know what he's
been up to, let me ask you‐‐
[FLAMINGO] Yes, yes, he defeated
that nasty UBM all by himself.
Oh, did he?
That's such great news.
[HUGO]
But still.
I know that he'll try to get in
the way and jeopardize our plan.
[FLAMINGO] Don't worry
your chivalrous little head
over this. If things
go as we want them to,
the war will end with
only minimal casualties.
A bold statement... you sure?
[FLAMINGO]
His Excellency the General
seeks nothing short
of an all‐ out war.
But if we're going to do this,
we must find a way that's
elegant, yet exhilarating.
Tomorrow, we,
the Triangle of Wisdom,
shall bring an end to the war
between the imperium
and the kingdom.
It will all be over!
[RAY]
"The Dueling Cities."